doc: Add example how to include latest datafusion (#9076)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/example-usage.md

tokio = "1.0"
```

## Add DataFusion latest codebase as a dependency

> Cargo supports adding dependency directly from Github which allows to test out latest DataFusion codebase without waiting the code to be released

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cargo supports adding dependency directly from Github which allows testing out latest DataFusion codebase without waiting the code to be released to crates.io
```
